.TH k2hftfuse "1" "February 2015" "k2hftfuse" "K2HFUSE"
.SH NAME
k2hftfuse \- file transaction by FUSE-based file system with k2hash.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
\fBk2hftfuse [mount point] [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.TP
k2hftfuse is file transaction system on FUSE file system with K2HASH and K2HASH TRANSACTION PLUGIN, CHMPX.
.TP
You can run k2hftfuse by manual and mount/umount system command(or fusermount command). If you run it manually, you can specify some following options.
.TP
For using mount/umount command, you need to modify /etc/fstab and add following line.
.TP
You can start k2hftfuse in any way. And you can see mount information by df command.
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
command line:
$ k2hftfuse /mnt/k2hfs -o allow_other,dbglevel=err,conf=/etc/k2hftfuse.conf -f -d
.TP
/etc/fstab:
k2hftfuse /mnt/k2hfs fuse allow_other,nodev,nosuid,_netdev,dbglevel=err,conf=/etc/k2hftfuse.conf 0 0
.SH OPTIONS
\fBmount point\fR
directory path for k2hftfuse mount point
.TP
\fB\-h(\-\-help)\fR
print help
.TP
\fB\-v(\-\-version)\fR
print version
.TP
\fB\-d(\-\-debug)\fR
set debug level "msg", this option is common with FUSE
.TP
\fB\-o umask=<number>\fR
set umask with FUSE
.TP
\fB\-o uid=<number>\fR
set uid with FUSE
.TP
\fB\-o gid=<number>\fR
set gid with FUSE
.TP
\fB\-o dbglevel={err|wan|msg}\fR
set debug level affect only k2hftfuse
.TP
\fB\-o conf=<configration file>\fR
specify configration file for k2hftfuse and all sub system
.TP
\fB\-o json=<json string>\fR
specify json string as configration for k2hftfuse and all sub system
.TP
\fB\-o enable_run_chmpx\fR
run chmpx slave process
.TP
\fB\-o disable_run_chmpx\fR
do not run chmpx slave process(default)
.TP
\fB\-o chmpxlog=<log file path>\fR
chmpx log file path when k2hftfuse run chmpx
.PP
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP 2
This program use some environments automatically, plese take care these environments.
.IP K2HFTCONFFILE 20
specify configuratin file by environment, this program uses this value when configuration file is not specified in command line.
.IP K2HFTJSONCONF 20
specify configuratin json string by environment, chmpx uses this value when configuration json string is not specified in command line.
.SH NOTES
.TP
When you run k2hftfuse on user level, you need to add "user_allow_other" word in /etc/fuse.conf.
.TP
k2hftfuse is K2HASH(NoSQL library) product by Yahoo! JAPAN. K2HASH is following specifications.
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
k2hftfusesvr(1) k2hash(1) chmpx(1)
.SH BUGS
.TP
Please report owner and comitter.
.SH AUTHOR
k2hftfuse has been written by Takeshi Nakatani <ggtakec@gmail.com>.
